Improve the Basic Authentication section (#26697)
quarkusio/quarkus: docs/src/main/asciidoc/security.adoc

For example, `quarkus-oidc` uses its own `IdentityProvider` to convert a token to `SecurityIdentity`. 

If you use `Basic` or `Form` HTTP-based authentication then you have to add an `IdentityProvider` which can convert a username and password to `SecurityIdentity`.

> For more information about `Basic` or `Form` HTTP-based authentication, see: 

Author: I agree, but I need to be consistent with the whole paragraph, the rewriting of which is out of scope for this issue.

** xref:security-getting-started.adoc[JPA IdentityProvider]
** xref:security-jdbc.adoc[JDBC IdentityProvider]
** xref:security-ldap.adoc[LDAP IdentityProvider]

> * For a a Basic Auth canfiguration walkthrough (using JPA), see:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* For a a Basic Authentication configuration walk-through using JPA, see:
```

** xref:security-getting-started.adoc[Getting Started With Security] guide.

> For testing, use xref:security-testing.adoc#configuring-user-information[User Properties IdentityProvider]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also use a xref:security-testing.adoc#configuring-user-information[User Properties IdentityProvider] to enable Basic Authentication however it is recommended to use this 'IdentityProvider' for testing only because the user names, passwords and roles are set directly in `application.properties`.
```
